Who is most likely sexually aroused right now?
Who is most likely to laugh when they hear the number 69?
Who is most likely to meet up with a Tinder match tonight?
Who is most likely to borrow something with every intention of keeping it?
You are hosting a potluck dinner where everyone is asked to bring homemade dishes. Who brings Hot Pockets®?
Who is your biggest Facebook stalker?
Who is most likely get hitched during a weekend trip to Vegas?
Everyone here is a drug dealer. Who goes out of business first because they use too much of their own product?
Who is most likely to get kicked out of a bar tonight?
Who is least likely to reciprocate oral sex?
Whose eyes light up brightest at the sound of "free"?
Who is most likely to put their roommates in a shitty situation because they failed to replace the roll of toilet paper?
Ten years from now, you all end up becoming neighbors on the same street. Who has to go door-to-door to notify everyone they have become a registered sex offender?
Who is least likely to be wearing underwear right now?
It's your first day of college and you are moving into your new dorm. Who would you least want to find as your dorm roommate?
Twenty years from now, robots are an integral part of our lives. Who is the first person to have sex with one?
You are all granted a wish to be someone else for the day. Who is most likely to wish to be you?
Who would be the most excited for a colonoscopy appointment?
Who most likely has a secret crush on someone in the room?
The characters of Game of Thrones are being recast. Who is most likely to be a Lannister?
Swipe right, swipe right, swipe right. Who "likes" everyone on Tinder?
You are all roommates and equally split the utilities. Who is most likely to lie to a roommate about the total cost of the cable bill?
You are out to dinner with someone here. Who is most likely to order a second entrée once you suggest you will pay for the entire meal?
Who is most likely to post a shitty Facebook photo of you just to tag you in it?
Who would literally steal candy from a baby?
You are all out at a nice dinner and are paying for your meals separately. Who is the least likely to tip?
You are all invited to a B.Y.O.B. party. Who is most likely to bring nothing, but only drink the nice stuff?
In this day and age, virtually anything can be streamed for free. Despite this, who still pays for a subscription to a premium porn site?
Who would be the first person to cheat on their diet?
Who is most likely to stop and check themselves out everytime they walk past a mirror?
Who is most likely to drown their sorrows in a pint of ice cream?
You have all been deployed for war and given limited food rations. Who secretly eats everyone's rations on the first day?
Who is most likely to stop hanging out with everyone here once they got rich?
Who is most likely to blow off Mother's Day brunch plans for an all-day date with Netflix®?
Who is most likely to publicly expose their genitals tonight?
Who is most likely to photoshop famous people into their Facebook photos?
Who is most likely to be reincarnated as a member of the opposite sex?
Your local swinger community has organized a group orgy. Who is the first person in line?
Who would do absolutely anything for an A?
"Leave things in a better condition than you found them" is a commonly known rule when camping. Who most often breaks this rule in their daily living?
You are all set for a night out on the town. Who is most likely to be denied entry from a club because they did not meet the dress code?
Who can you always hear before you actually see them?
Who would most likely disapprove of their child marrying someone of a different race?
Who thinks they have the nicest looking butt in the room?
Who is most likely to brag about their high school popularity?
Who here is a real life Dexter Morgan?
You hear a nasty rumor about you going around. Who is most likely to have started it?
Who is most likely to steal one of your jokes?
Who is most likely to call you from jail tonight?
Who is most likely to leak photos of their ex on a revenge porn website?
In the comfort of your own backyard, you occasionally sunbathe nude. Who is most likely spying on you?
They're called stereotypes for a reason. Who is the epitome of their racial stereotype?
Who is least likely to wash their hands after using the bathroom?
You've all been granted a two-week paid vacation from work. Who is most likely to spend the entire time on their couch?
You are watching an episode of Jerry Springer. Who are you most likely to see airing their dirty laundry on the show?
Who is most likely to break bad and start a meth empire?
You are all stranded on a deserted island together. Who is the first person to eat someone else?
Who is most likely to refuse to give a homeless person spare change?
Who is most likely to get caught with dirty pictures on their work laptop?
Scientists discover staring at computer screens for too long cuts your life expectancy in half. Despite this, who still refuses to give up their Facebook addiction?
Who would "Like" their own Facebook status?
Who is most likely to require a few extra wipes of toilet paper right now?
You are all in the midst of a thrilling movie at the local movie theater. Who is most likely to answer their phone when it rings?
The hunger games have arrived. Who would least likely volunteer as tribute in place of their younger sibling?
Ten years from now, who is most likely to be living in a house with more cats than bedrooms?
Who is most likely to use a racial slur tonight?
Whose stomach is the world's only, real life, bottomless pit?
Who is the most addicted to taking selfies?
You have just casually complimented someone on their outfit. Who is most likely to get upset that you did not also compliment theirs?
Who most likely has a scandalous body piercing that no one knows about?
Apple has come out with a revolutionary new product called "Sliced Bread." Who is the first in line to buy?
The characters of The Office are here. Who is Dwight Schrute?
In a parallel universe, who here is Honey Boo Boo?
Who is most likely to get caught trying to join the mile high club?
You have all been elected to the city council. As the first order of business, who proposes to erect a statue of themself?
Whose wish is that no one is watching them so they can grab all of the change out of the wishing well?
Everyone loves Beyoncé. Who here secretly hates Beyoncé?
Whose gym workout routine mostly consists of texting on their cell phone?
You have just accidentally killed somebody. Who is most likely to know where to hide the dead body?
You've all been granted super smelling powers. Who can you no longer stand to hang out with?
Who spends the most time grooming themselves down south?
Who spent the most time getting ready today?
Whose bad hair day is enough for them to call in sick to work?
You have just received an email from a Nigerian Prince with a "can't-miss" job opportunity. Who is most likely to lose all of their money to the scam?
Who is most likely to get a salad at a fast food restaurant because they're "above fast food"?
You are all on a road trip and it is apparent that you guys are going in circles. Who is the last person to ask for directions if they were driving?
Some people have a voice only a mother could love. Whose mother still hates it when they sing?
You are watching an episode of "To Catch a Predator." Who here is Chris Hansen arresting?
An elderly lady just hopped on your crowded bus. Who is least likely to give up their seat?
Who was the first person to lose their virginity?
Everyone has their type. Who is only attracted to members of a certain race?
Who are you most likely to see walking out of the Planned Parenthood clinic tomorrow morning?
Who is most likely to fake a disability solely for a handicap parking permit?
Who here is on a first name basis at their local Starbucks?
Desperate times call for desperate measures, but who would stoop so low as to steal something from Goodwill?
You have left the party but forgot to take your phone with you. Who is most likely to snoop through your phone before giving it back to you?
Who has been secretly farting during this whole game?
Despite living in an apartment above a pizzeria, who still orders delivery?
The traveling circus is looking for local, quirky talent. Who would you most likely recommend?
Who is most likely to hold a grudge for the rest of the night because of this game?
Who uses Plan B as their plan A?
Who most likely has a "position of the day" book?
Who is most likely to fake text during an awkward situation tonight?
Whose room could be featured on an episode of Hoarders?
If ignorance is bliss, whose life is most enjoyable?
Who most likely owns a large collection of fake designer items?
Who is most likely to have a daily alarm set for 4:20?
The 90's called and they want their jean jackets back. Who has one to give them?



Who is the whitest person in this room?
Who always has to have an answer to every question?
Roses are red, violets are blue, who here really wants to have sex with you?
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Who would always put vodka in that lemonade?
Who will come in at the top of Santa's naughty list this year? 
Who has the most punchable face? 
Who is most likely to have a strictly online romantic relationship?
Who is most likely fake a disability to win a medal at the special olympics?
Who is most likely hide the fact that they workout to a 90's boyband playlist?
If people were reincarnated as animals, who would come back as a sloth?
One of your friends is organizing an event where the proceeds feed starving children in Africa. Who is most likely to bargain down their admission price?
Who is most likely to slam the door shut on a troop of Girl Scouts selling cookies?
Who has masturbated most recently?
Who is least likely to hold the door open for a handicapped person?
Who is most likely to be banned from attending their child's soccer games for taunting opposing players?
Who treats every drive as if they are in a NASCAR race?
Who is least likely to vote for themselves during this game despite deserving it?
You are watching "America's Dumbest Criminals" and, after an attempt at a bank heist, the camera catches the suspect. Whose face are you most likely to see?
Who would you least want to shake hands with right now?
Studies show that 1/5th of Americans cannot name all of the continents in the world. Who most likely falls in that group?
Who is most likely to get back at a friend by sleeping with their sibling?
Who is most likely to give the Westboro Baptist Church the benefit of the doubt?
Who is most likely to drive home drunk because they don't want to pay for a cab?
Who is most likely to refuse a life saving blood transfusion because it's from a(n) <insert race/ethnicity> person?
Who is most likely to prank a friend by writing their phone number on a bathroom stall?
If you went on a date with everyone in this room, who would spend the most time talking about a previous relationship?
More is not always merrier. Who constantly uses too much cologne or perfume?
Who is most likely to hit a jackpot in Vegas, but blow it all on the same night?
Who would most likely ignore a severe food allergy, opting instead to always keep an epipen handy?
Who is most likely to purchase something just because you bought it?
Who is most likely to dine and dash an Applebee's®?
Who is most likely to smoke cigarettes just to look cool?
It's medieval times and everyone's roles in the community are firmly engrained. Who here is the village drunk?
You are all in line at McDonald's and you are a dollar short. Who is least likely to give you that dollar?
You've all ordered the house special at a restaurant and discovered that the special ingredient is horse semen. Who still finishes their plate?
Who is most likely to lie about being a model as their sidejob?
Who is most likely to get a severe sunburn from frequenting the tanning beds too often?
Everyone here owns competing hot dog stands. Who is most likely to fabricate a scathing Yelp review about their more successful competitors?
Who most likely has a bondage kit in their closet?
Who is most likely to buy high school kids booze for an invite to their party?
You've sent out a Facebook invite for your birthday party. Who is most likely to invite a bunch of people you don't know?

Who is most likely to have naked pictures of themselves leaked on the internet?
Who is most likely to bring an escort as a +1 to a work event?
Who is most likely to run a fake celebrity Twitter account?
Who is most likely to get aroused while their doctor is checking their genitals?
Who is most likely to clog the toilet at a party and leave it without telling anyone else?
Who is most likely to have a Snapchat Story comprised of only selfies?
We've all had rough nights of drinking. Who is most likely to puke tonight and leave the party without cleaning it up?
Who is most likely to get a restraining order for stalking a celebrity?
People say lower your standards but raise your average. Who lives and dies by this quote?
Who is most likely to have naked pictures on their cell phone?
You have just been arrested and only need to post $100 bail. Who is the last person you would call?
Teachers are the key to our childrens' future. If everyone here is a teacher, who would most likely be involved in a relationship with a student?
Who would most likely be a porn star if no one else found out about it?
A generous lady just began a pay-it-forward chain at a Starbucks drive-thru. Who is most likely to break this chain, taking a free coffee and refusing to pay for the car behind them?
While trick or treating, you all come across a house that put out a bowl of candy with a sign saying "Take one". Who stuffs the whole bowl into their bag?
Who is most likely to lose their child's entire college fund by doubling down in a casino?
Who is most likely to acquire a plethora of sex toys in their lifetime?
Who owns the largest collection of stolen glassware from various bars?
Who most likely ripped a few shots by themselves in the bathroom?
You are all on vacation at a remote, off-the-grid resort. Who is the first to wander off into town in search of internet?
Who is most likely destined for a walk of shame tomorrow morning?
Who here has made out with the largest number of people?
When meeting people for the first time, who is most likely to exaggerate their salary?
You have discovered a magical, delicious burrito, but each bite causes a child somewhere to cry. Who still eats the whole thing?
Who is most likely to exaggerate their volunteer experience on their resume?
You've just told the group a very personal secret. Who is the first person to leak it to the rumor mill?
Who is most likely to lie about their SAT score?
If talking about money could actually make you wealthier, whose wallet would be the fattest?
Uh-oh. The MTV show "Room Raiders" is back and your bedrooms are under inspection. Who would miserably fail the blacklight test?
If humans could fly, who would still manage to crash into things all the time?
You have all been entered into a yelling contest. Who would be the unanimous winner?
Who is most likely to soil themselves because they are too embarrassed to take a dump at a party?
All of the lights in this room suddenly go out. Who can recognize everybody by touch?
You send someone a friendly greeting via text. Who is most likely to not text you back?
Who would least likely pick up after their dog if no one else was watching?
Whose Instagram is full of pictures of themselves in the same exact pose?
Someone's Tinder tag line reads, "I'm probably too good for you." Who is this person?
Some people are said to have a sixth sense. If that is true, whose sixth sense is the ability to spot damaged goods?
You suddenly realize you're in a nightmare. Who are you trying to run away from?
Who here is the most experienced sexter?
A nearby town has zoned off an area to create a nudist colony. Who is most likely to move?
Whose wardrobe would you least want to have?
MTV has just announced that they are recasting the Jersey Shore. Who is most likely to make the cut?
Who is most likely to win the newest competition series, "America's Worst Dancers"?
Who would be the most awkward in bed?